# EIE-Transport-Models-
Codes used to simulate contaminant transport during Engineered Injection and Extraction (EIE).
These were developed as part of my masters thesis:
          "Quantifying Stretching and Folding During enhanced Remediation of Contaminated Groundwater", 
            at the University of Kansas, Department of Geology. 
            

For information on the EIE model, consult one of the following works

Piscopo, A. N., Mays, D. C., & Neupauer, R. M. (2013). Engineered Well Injection-Extraction Schemes to Enhance Reaction for Improved In Situ Remediation of Contaminated Groundwater. World Environmental and Water Resources Congress 2012. 

Mays, D. C., & Neupauer, R. M. (2012). Plume spreading in groundwater by stretching and folding. Water Resources Research,48

Neupauer, R. M., Meiss, J. D., & Mays, D. C. (2014). Chaotic advection and reaction during engineered injection and extraction in heterogeneous porous media. Water Resources Research,50(2), 1433-1447.


The general structure of the codes is as follows

The directory /modflow contains a python script psf_model.py which uses FloPy to simulate groundwater flow

The main directory contains several codes for simulating containant transport

  -       advection_dispersion_sim.py simulates advective and dispersive transport using the MODFLOW model generated by /modflow/psf_model.py
  
  -       reaction_sim.py simulates reactive transport for an irreversible instantaneous reaction C1+C2->C3 using output from       advection_dispersion sim
  
  -       advection_sim.py simulates putely advective transport 
  
The file contaminant_degradation_figures.py genereates figures showing the positions of reacting species through space and time and the cumulative amount of contaminant degradation produced by the EIE sequence. 


  
  
  
  
  
  
 
